Add guidelines for Steering Committee vacancies (#34)
swinslow/slsa-governance: 5._Governance.md

An individual may be nominated for and serve any number of successive terms. However, Steering Committee Members are encouraged to allow other longstanding Participants to contribute as Steering Committee Members. Steering Committee Members are elected by current Participants. Steering Committee Members must resign if they become inactive, by not performing the duties as stated in 1.4. Steering Committee Members may be removed in extraordinary circumstances with an escalation to the OpenSSF TAC.

Nominations and decisions must be publicly recorded, e.g. on GitHub issues or Slack, for transparency.

### 1.6. Steering Committee Vacancies

In the event that a Steering Committee Member resigns or is otherwise unable to fulfill their duties, the vacancy shall be handled as follows:

* **Interim Appointment:** The Steering Committee may designate a short-term replacement to fill the vacant seat via a standard Steering Committee vote. 

>     * If the vacancy is due to a planned resignation, the resigning member is encouraged to participate in the vote to designate their successor.

Author: ```suggestion
    * In addition to the steering committee vote, the nominated replacement should also vote to approve their appointment.
    * If the vacancy is due to a planned resignation, the resigning member is encouraged to participate in the vote to designate their successor.
```

Author: @haydentherapper how's that?

Reviewer: Sounds great!

An individual may be nominated for and serve any number of successive terms. However, Steering Committee Members are encouraged to allow other longstanding Participants to contribute as Steering Committee Members. Steering Committee Members are elected by current Participants. Steering Committee Members must resign if they become inactive, by not performing the duties as stated in 1.4. Steering Committee Members may be removed in extraordinary circumstances with an escalation to the OpenSSF TAC.

Nominations and decisions must be publicly recorded, e.g. on GitHub issues or Slack, for transparency.

### 1.6. Steering Committee Vacancies

In the event that a Steering Committee Member resigns or is otherwise unable to fulfill their duties, the vacancy shall be handled as follows:

* **Interim Appointment:** The Steering Committee may designate a short-term replacement to fill the vacant seat via a standard Steering Committee vote. 

>     * In addition to the steering committee vote, the nominated replacement should also vote to approve their appointment.

Reviewer: nit, vote -> 'confirm' or 'acknowledge' or something similar? Since the nominated replacement is just a single vote and not a part of the SC, it's not really a vote.

Author: ```suggestion
    * In addition to the steering committee vote, the nominated replacement should also confirm their proposed appointment.
```

Nominations and decisions must be publicly recorded, e.g. on GitHub issues or Slack, for transparency.

> ### 1.6. Steering Committee Vacancies

Reviewer 2: We need to update two lined above this as this new content is conflicting (appointment vs. election).

Author: Tweaked to reduce conflicts.

1. Removed the line above about how to handle vacancies.  We have the below section now.
2. Removed the line here about how to handle members who have "gone dark" to keep the stricter "escalation to TAC" approach for folks that need to be involuntarily removed.

In the event that a Steering Committee Member resigns or is otherwise unable to fulfill their duties, the vacancy shall be handled as follows:

> * **Interim Appointment:** The Steering Committee may designate a short-term replacement to fill the vacant seat via a standard Steering Committee vote. 

Reviewer 2: I guess that it is just okay to leave this up to the steering committee to use whatever criteria they would like to? That we don't need to be overly prescriptive about the designee being willing, that they should have a certain amount of involvement, etc?

Author: It would be odd for someone to be drafted against their will.  I suspect we don't need to worry much about that case.

Reviewer 2: I agree. Some elections processes have requirements that nominees need to accept the nomination. It would be good if the appointed people at least accepted the PR proposing their addition though.

Author: tweaked
